Add Model of the Universal Robot UR10e and UR3e (#430)
omichel/webots: docs/guide/ure.md

> ## Universal Robot UR3e, UR5e and UR10e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Universal Robots UR3e, UR5e and UR10e
```

%robot ure images/robots/ure/model.png

> The Universal Robot [UR3e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur3-robot/), [UR5e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur5-robot/) and [UR10e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur10-robot/) are flexible collaborative robot arms with 6 degrees of freedom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Robots [UR3e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur3-robot/), [UR5e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur5-robot/) and [UR10e](https://www.universal-robots.com/products/ur10-robot/) are flexible collaborative robot arms with 6 degrees of freedom.
```

> The Universal Robot UR3e, UR5e and UR10e models in Webots are fully compatible with ROS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Robots UR3e, UR5e and UR10e models in Webots are fully compatible with ROS.
```

  SFBool     synchronization TRUE
  SFBool     selfCollision   TRUE
  MFNode     toolSlot        []
  SFBool     staticBase      TRUE
}
```

> **File location**: "[WEBOTS\_HOME/projects/robots/universal\_robots/protos/UR3e.proto](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/protos/UR3e.proto)", "[WEBOTS\_HOME/projects/robots/universal\_robots/protos/UR5e.proto](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/protos/UR5e.proto)" and "[WEBOTS\_HOME/projects/robots/universal\_robots/protos/UR10e.proto](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/protos/UR10e.proto)"

#### Field Summary

- `toolSlot`: Extend the robot with new nodes at the end of the arm.

- `staticBase`: Defines if the robot base should be pinned to the static environment.

### Samples

You will find the following sample in this folder: "[WEBOTS\_HOME/projects/robots/universal\_robots/worlds](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/worlds)".

#### [ure.wbt](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/worlds/ure.wbt)

> ![ure.wbt.png](images/robots/ure/ure.wbt.png) This simulation shows an UR3e, an UR5e and an UR10e robots equipped with a [ROBOTIQ 3F Gripper](gripper-actuators.md#robotiq-3f-gripper) grabbing cans on conveyor belts and putting them in crates.

Reviewer: This image is not displayed.
```suggestion
![ure.wbt.png](images/robots/ure/ure.wbt.png) This simulation shows an UR3e, an UR5e and an UR10e robot, equipped with a [ROBOTIQ 3F Gripper](gripper-actuators.md#robotiq-3f-gripper), grabbing cans on conveyor belts and putting them in crates.
```

### ROS

> To use ROS with the simulated UR5e/UR10e robot in Webots, the `universal_robot_ros` controller should be assigned to the robot.

Reviewer: We should name it "universal_robots_ros" instead of "universal_robot_ros".

```suggestion
To use ROS with the simulated UR3e/UR5e/UR10e robot in Webots, the `universal_robots_ros` controller should be assigned to the robot.
```

Then the `ur_e_webots` ROS package located in "[WEBOTS\_HOME/projects/robots/universal\_robots/ressources/ros\_package/ur\_e\_webots](https://github.com/omichel/webots/tree/master/projects/robots/universal_robots/ressources/ros_package/ur_e_webots)" should be copied into your catkin workspace.

> Once `roscore` is started the `ur5e` (replace by `5` by `3` or `10` for the UR3e or UR10e) node of the `ur_e_webots` package can be launched:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `roscore` is started the `ur5e` (replace `5` by `3` or `10` for the UR3e or UR10e) node of the `ur_e_webots` package can be launched:
```

```
roslaunch ur_e_webots ur5e.launch
```

The simulation can now be started.

> > **Note**: As MoveIt! seems to have difficulties with finding plans for the robot with full joint limits [-2pi, 2pi], there is a joint_limited version using joint limits restricted to [-pi,pi]. In order to use this joint limited version, simply use instead the `ur5e_joint_limited` launch file, i.e.: `roslaunch ur_e_webots ur5e_joint_limited.launch`

Reviewer: Shouldn't we move this note to the MoveIt! section?

Author: I was indeed hesitating, it is related to MoveIt! but it is also directly linked with the previous command. For me both are fine, as you prefer.

Reviewer: To me it looks better in the MoveIt! section.

#### MoveIt!

> Thanks to the [universal\_robot](http://wiki.ros.org/universal_robot) ros package, MoveIt! can be used for motion planning. It can be started with the following launch file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the [universal\_robot](http://wiki.ros.org/universal_robot) ROS package, MoveIt! can be used for motion planning. It can be started with the following launch file:
```

```
roslaunch ur5_e_moveit_config ur5_e_moveit_planning_execution.launch
```

> Finally, for starting up RViz with a configuration including the MoveIt! Motion Planning plugin run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to start RViz with a configuration including the MoveIt! Motion Planning plugin, run:
```
